Catherine Drummond | Computer Science Instructor
Sometown, WA 55555 l Phone: 555.555.5555 l Email: cd@somedomain.com l LinkedIn URL

Student-centered, award-winning computer science instructor. Experience includes college teaching and corporate IT training as well as technical roles in programming and network administration. Day-to-day goal is to inspire students to love technology and achieve their goals by providing relevant, up-to-date and innovative learning opportunities. 

Professional Experience

ABC COLLEGE — Sometown, WA l Computer Science Instructor (full-time, contract position), 9/14 to Present

Joined ABC College’s Department of Information Technology faculty in 2014 and offered contract extension due to top-rated classroom teaching outcomes. Contribute to key college initiatives in areas such as grant writing, diversity recruitment and technology integration across the curriculum.

Teaching Excellence: Earned ABC’s “Outstanding Educator” award (2016) for teaching excellence. Fostered student development and graduation success through instruction of undergraduate courses such as:
Computer Programming I/II
Computer Systems
Web Development
Mobile App Development
Algorithms
Big Data
Cloud Computing
Data Structures
Grant Writing: Wrote 2 winning grants that procured 6-figure funding from former employer (DEF Company) used for the purchase of computer lab equipment as well as course development for new cloud computing curriculum.
Diversity Recruitment: Increased diversity candidates applying for faculty, adjunct and student openings by 20% through active recruitment efforts and dedicated participation on admissions and hiring committees.
Technology Initiatives: Advanced eLearning, distance-education and virtual-classroom initiatives by leading college-wide training on Zoom, Camtasia and Blackboard systems. Helped faculty peers harness technology to enhance student learner access across multiple disciplines, resulting in invitations to present at national conferences.
DEF COMPANY — Sometown, WA l Technology Trainer, 2/11 to 8/14 | Programmer Analyst, 5/09 to 2/11

Transitioned into IT training role after success leading coding, debugging and testing of applications for DEF, a leading provider of educational software used in elementary, middle and high schools nationwide.

User Training: Developed and delivered user training to hundreds of K-12 educators at schools across the U.S. Excelled at communicating technical concepts to users in clear, nontechnical terms.
Learner Engagement: Incorporated creative approaches and interactive tutorials into classroom and webinar instruction to heighten learner experiences, win over change-resistant users and improve post-training results.
Training Results: Accelerated user ramp-up time by 65% and drove user-adoption rates by 90% within 2 weeks post-training. Ranked as DEF’s highest-rated trainer 2 years in a row based on trainee evaluation scores.
Software Engineering: In programming role, wrote and tested code to improve functions and performance of software, information systems and online tools using JavaScript, C++, Python, PHP, MySQL and jQuery.
Early IT Career: Strengthened system security, implemented robust backup/recovery solutions and improved network uptime to +99% (a new best for company) as Network Administrator (5/06 to 5/09) at GHI COMPANY (Sometown, WA).

Education

ABC UNIVERSITY — Sometown, WA l MS in Software Engineering
DEF UNIVERSITY — Sometown, WA l BS in Computer Science | Minor in Education

Technology Summary

Certifications: CompTIA Certified Technical Trainer (CTT+), CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+
Skills: JavaScript, C++, Python, CSS, HTML, SQL, MySQL, MS Office, Zoom, Camtasia, Blackboard, Windows, macOS