MANDY SMITH
Sometown, TN 38103
Cell: 555.555.1234 | ms@somedomain.com | LinkedIn URL

Targeting an Entry-Level Position as a...
UX Designer

Strong user experience (UX) design skills | Experience in user research and interaction design gained through corporate and nonprofit externships.

Education

ABC UNIVERSITY (Sometown, TN) 
BS in Human-Computer Interaction (BSHCI) Pending
Cumulative GPA: 3.4 | GPA in Major: 3.8 | Dean’s List (5 semesters)

Skills

HCI coursework and externship projects have provided a solid foundation in:

Usability Engineering
Usability Testing
Information Architecture
Interaction Design
User Research & Persona Creation
Web Site & Multimedia Design
Web Site Strategy & Analytics
Wireframe Production
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
HTML & XHTML
Flash, Fireworks & InDesign
Dreamweaver & Photoshop
Externships

DEF COMPANY (Sometown, TN)

User Researcher, 2016 to Present

XYZ CORPORATION (Sometown, TN)

UX Designer Apprentice, Summer 2016

ABC ORGANIZATION (Sometown, TN)

Information Architecture Assistant, Summer 2015

Completed three externships during summer breaks to gain experience in UX design and information architecture. Projects & Results:

Produced wireframes, XHTML code and CSS that contributed to user-centered design (UCD) efforts for dozens of Web pages.
Partnered with user interface designers, Web developers and UX managers at DEF Co. to translate information architecture, navigation and process flows into beautiful and easy-to-use solutions.
Completed user research to identify opportunities for improving XYZ’s and ABC’s Web presence. Efforts drove the following enhancements:
Replacement of vague objectives with clear calls to action, increasing XYZ sales pipeline by 15% and ABC donor base by 12%.
Improvement of core Web site functionality by fixing broken links and scripting errors, which lowered XYZ’s page-abandonment rate by 35%.
Creation of more intuitive site navigation by eliminating misleading labels and unnecessary clicks.
Managed usability testing for XYZ landing pages in preparation for Web site redesign. Defined testing parameters, prepared prototypes, recruited users, facilitated tests and reported results.
Helped improve information architecture of ABC’s Web site by assisting with card sorting, affinity diagramming and search log analysis.