Beth Dawson
55 Spring Way
Sometown, MA 02124
555-555-5555
bd@somedomain.com | LinkedIn URL

Entry-Level Software Quality Engineer

Highly motivated technology professional launching career as a software quality engineer. Bring to the table hands-on experience in the testing of software systems supporting VB.Net products and interfaces. Knowledge of standard industry QA methodologies and the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).

Familiar with MS programming technologies including .Net Framework, C#, VB.Net, SQL Server, T-SQL, IIS and ASP. Dedicated to continuing professional development – recently earned Java SE 7 Programmer certification and completed an intensive VB.Net training program.

Skill Areas

Software Testing & Debugging
Test Plans and Script Development
Configuration & Troubleshooting
User Training & Support
Project Management
Technical Writing (Manuals/System Specs)
Education

ABC University – Sometown, MA
Bachelor of Science, Major in Computer Science, in progress
Course Highlights:

Object-Oriented Programming, Object-Oriented Data Structures and Algorithms, Database Management Systems, Application Server Programming, Human Computer Interaction, Enterprise Software Architecture, Technical Communication, Information Systems Security
Continuing Education:

Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 7 Programmer (OCPJP), 2011
Oracle Certified Associate, Java SE 7 Programmer (OCAJP), 2011
ABC Technology Firm, VB.Net Desktop and Database training (10-day program), 2011
Professional Experience

DEF Company – Sometown, MA
Software Quality Engineer, 6/2016 to Present

Plan, develop and administer software test plans to detect and diagnose errors and bugs for the company’s VB.Net product line.
Performed regression, integration, platform and performance testing to certify the stability and usability of software systems.
Developed and executed test programs that helped improve accuracy of QA results.
Provided comprehensive software release documentation and training to support staff after compiling QA test outcomes.
Previous Experience: Held several clerical positions at ABC College and provided assistance to students with disabilities to help finance education.