Michael Alexander
Sometown, MA 02108  l  (555) 555-5555  l  ma@somedomain.com  l  LinkedIn URL

Entry-Level Help-Desk Technician

Upcoming XYZ University graduate offering a strong academic background in IT combined with excellent internship experience as a help-desk analyst.
Consistently recognized for technical troubleshooting skills used to rapidly and cost-effectively resolve challenging technical issues.
Quickly learn and master new technology; equally successful in both team and self-directed settings; and proficient in a range of computer systems, languages, tools and testing methodologies.
Education

XYZ UNIVERSITY, Sometown, MA | 108/120 Credits Earned
Pursuing a B.S. in Computer Information Systems  l  GPA: 3.7/4.0

Concurrent Employment with College Studies:

Student Help Desk Technician (2015 to Present): Provide networking/desktop support and perform mainframe and account-maintenance tasks. Earned commendations for teamwork, flexibility and work excellence in providing IT support to students and faculty.
Sales Representative, ABC Retail Co. and DEF Store (2015 to 2016): Leveraged strengths in persuasive communications and consultative sales to become a top sales performer for both retailers (including top 10 rankings out of a 100-member sales force).
Technology Summary

Certifications:

CompTIA A+, HDI-Support Center Analyst (HDI-SCA)

Systems:

CICS/ISPF/Mainframe, Unix, Linux, Windows, Novell NetWare, Mac OS X, Mobile

Databases:

Oracle, Access, Relational Databases

Languages:

Visual Basic, SQL, HTML, ASP, CSS, C++, CGI, Perl, JavaScript

Software:

MS Project, MS Visio, MS Office

IT Experience

ABC COMPANY, Sometown, MA | Help Desk Analyst  l  Intern, 2016 to Present

Handle technical troubleshooting within an enterprise environment, including system crashes, slow-downs and data recoveries. Engage and track Priority 1 issues, with responsibility for the timely documentation, resolution and closure of trouble tickets.

Selected Contributions:

Researched and developed knowledgebase articles for Windows 10 issues, resulting in a 35% increase in first-call resolutions and $5K in annual savings.
Exceeded issue-resolution targets and achieved exemplary customer satisfaction scores, consistently scoring between 95% and 100% on all calls (outperforming average of 90%).
Handled 30+ technical/mission-critical calls daily and consistently met high service standards.
Available for Relocation & Travel