JOHN T. PARSONS
Sometown, GA 30082
(555) 555-5555 | jp@somedomain.com | LinkedIn URL

Director of Software Development

Engineering robust, user-focused solutions driving breakthrough efficiency and bottom-line results
Dynamic leader of software development teams offering 11 years of experience managing multimillion-dollar, mission-critical projects.
Skilled in all phases of the software development lifecycle; expert in translating business requirements into technical solutions; and fanatical about quality, usability, security and scalability.
EXPERTISE

Application Development
Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Enterprise Implementations
Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)
Release Management
B2B Integrations
Project Management
Offshore Development Operations
QA & UAT Management
Team Building & Leadership
Professional Experience

ABC Inc. (2005 to Present) / DEF Inc. (2004 to 2008) -- Sometown, GA
ABC is a global financial services firm that acquired DEF in 2008.

Director of Software Development, 2010 to Present
Senior Software Developer, 2008 to 2010
Software Developer / Tester, 2004 to 2008

Advanced through several promotions, culminating in present director-level role overseeing firm’s software development activities. Manage a $4.5M R&D budget and a 12-member developer team. Provide cradle-to-grave oversight of software project management, leading the research, design, development, documentation, testing and rollout of enterprise applications.

Accomplishments:

Designed dozens of software solutions driving continuous improvement to processes, systems, work flow and customer responsiveness.
Mentored development teams in Agile SDLC and RAD best practices. Ensured the release of premium-quality applications that provided intuitive and secure experiences for users.
Delivered new or enhanced developments
Web-based customer data-entry applications
software that automated customer loan data collection and processing functions
systems for securely handling electronic funds transfers
browser plug-ins enabling fail-safe recovery of Internet file transfers
Drove all phases of enterprise integration and process improvement projects to successful completion, including application availability initiatives (e.g., Oracle RAC, WebLogic clustering, data replication) and the implementation of single site fail-over and recovery options.
Reduced R&D budget from $6M to $4.5M while increasing service levels and improving product stability.
Project Results

Served as project manager, lead developer and/or team member on dozens of application development projects. Delivered technology solutions that…

Automated processes to resolve business challenges, such as ever-fluctuating currency exchange and bank interest rates (15+ countries), complex bank reconciliation interfaces and ACH/wire-fraud detection.
Minimized system outages, saving an estimated $1.2M annually.
Equipped sales force with Web-accessible sales/CRM tools that helped elevate assets under management by 37% from 2003 to 2004.
Accelerated the lending approval process by 35%.
Reduced payroll by hundreds of thousands of dollars by automating functions that previously required manual data entry.
Heightened security of electronic funds transfers and securities pooling.
Decreased monthly error rates to all-time lows (from 1.2% to 0.02%).
Streamlined the underwriting and review of government loans.
Technology Summary

Languages: C++, C#, Java, Delphi, Visual Basic
Development Tools, Methodologies & Environments: Rapid Application Design (RAD), Object-Oriented Analysis & Design (OOAD), Waterfall Approach, Spiral Approach, Prototyping Approach, Integrated Software Development, Microsoft Visual Studio
Software: TIBCO, IBM WebSphere MQ, Apache, Business Objects, JBoss, Oracle WebLogic Server
Systems: Unix, Windows, VAX/VMS, NeXTStep, .Net Framework
Databases: Oracle, Sybase, Access

EDUCATION

ABC UNIVERSITY - Sometown, GA
MS in Information Systems
XYZ COLLEGE - Sometown, AL
BS in Computer Science

CERTIFICATIONS

MCSD, Microsoft Certified
Solution Developer
MCAD, Microsoft Certified
Applications Developer
CMST, Certified Manager
of Software Testig
CST, Certified Software Tester