Sam Yu, PMP, MBA
Sometown, NJ 07175
Home: (555) 555-5555 | sy@somedomain.com | LinkedIn URL

Senior IT Project Manager

SOFTWARE/RDBMS DEVELOPMENT | ENTERPRISE IMPLEMENTATIONS | SYSTEMS ENGINEERING
Diligent project manager offering a proven record of success leading all phases of diverse technology projects; PMP, MBA and Six Sigma Black Belt credentials; and computer programming and business finance experience.
Business strategist; plan and manage multimillion-dollar projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage and bottom-line gains.
Excellent communicator; leverage technical, business and financial acumen to communicate effectively with client executives and their respective teams.
Expert in agile and waterfall project management methodologies. Known for ability to produce high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets.
Skills Summary
Project Management:
Custom Software Development
Database Design (RDBMS)
Systems Engineering
System Migrations/Integrations
Enterprisewide Implementations
IT Project Lifecycle:
Requirements Analysis
ROI Analysis
Costing & Budgeting
Project Scheduling
Testing/QA/Rollout/Support
Value-Added Leadership:
Cross-Functional Supervision
Team Building & Mentoring
Client Relations & Presentations
Business & IT Planning
Vendor Management
Career Progression

ABC CONSULTING (Sometown, NY), Senior Project Manager, 2009 to Present
XYZ CONSULTING (Sometown, NY), Project Manager, 2007 to 2009

Recruited by two of the nation’s leading IT consulting firms to provide project management over large-scale, top-priority and complex technology initiatives. Managed budgets of up to $8M and cross-functional teams of up to 25 developers, programmers, analysts and network specialists.

Drove the high-quality completion of systems engineering, software/database development and enterprisewide implementation projects for major clients including:

Coca-Cola Enterprises
H. J. Heinz Company
Allied Waste Industries
Kimberly-Clark
Caterpillar
Cigna
American Express
Citigroup
McDonald's
Achievement Highlights:

Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.
Mitigated risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data. Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.
Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.
Honored with ABC’s “CEO Award” in 2011 in recognition of outstanding project results.
Representative Projects (1999 to 2011)

Systems Engineering: Led design and multinational rollout of robust, scalable and secure electronic data interchange (EDI), enterprise resource planning (ERP) and point-of-sale (POS) systems for clients including AmEx, Citigroup and McDonald’s.
Results: Completed projects up to two months ahead of schedule, as much as $1.2M under budget and to universal client acclaim.
Custom Software Developments: Managed all phases of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for dozens of custom solutions.
Results: Delivered industry-leading software that saved clients millions of dollars, shortened processes from weeks to minutes, captured #1 market share and generated up to $21M in annual revenues within year one of launch.
Database Developments: Guided teams in the development of relational database management systems (RDBMS) for clients including Coca-Cola, Caterpillar and Allied Waste Industries.
Results: Improved the consistency, recoverability and accessibility of data.
System Integrations/Migrations: Project-managed large-scale initiatives involving the transition of programs to new platforms and the merger of disparate systems from acquired client companies.
Results: Achieved seamless migrations and integrations that were transparent to client customers, accomplished with no unscheduled downtime and delivered by as much as $750K under budget.
Enterprise Implementations: Directed global rollouts of new software and systems for clients including Kimberly-Clark and Cigna.
Results: Ensured defect-free releases through careful planning, testing and QA efforts.
Early Career

DEF COMPANY (Sometown, NY), COMPUTER PROGRAMMER, 2004 to 2007
Completed programming assignments to enhance automated data/voice applications and software within mainframe, network and client/server environments. Improved functioning of databases, communication systems, storage area networks and server configurations.

123 COMPANY (Sometown, NY), CREDIT ANALYST, 2000 to 2004
Assessed customer credit risk and established credit limits by analyzing financial information. Conducted collection calls, resolved disputes and maintained accurate credit and collection files.

Education & Credentials

MBA (GPA: 3.8), XYZ University (Sometown, NY)

BS in CIS (GPA: 3.75), ABC University (Sometown, NY)

AS in Accounting, DEF College (Sometown, NJ)

Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute (PMI)

Certified Six Sigma Black Belt (CSSBB), American Society for Quality (ASQ)