CORY J. GUNTHER
Sometown, NJ 07054
Home: (555) 555-5555 | cg@somedomain.com | LinkedIn URL

SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR

Proven Success in Systems Optimization and Strategic IT Solutions

Multi-certified (MCSE, MCSA, RHCE) systems administrator with strong experience managing server infrastructures and data-center operations across Unix, Linux, Windows and Mac OS X platforms. Effectively plan, install, configure and optimize IT infrastructures to achieve high availability and performance.
Proven ability to create and deliver solutions tied to business growth, organizational development and systems/network optimization. Skilled problem identifier and troubleshooter comfortable managing systems, projects and teams in a range of IT environments.
Highlights of IT Skills
LAN/WAN/NOC Administration
Project Management
Workflow Planning
Productivity Improvement
Technical Support
Systems Installation,
Configuration & Upgrading
Security Solutions
Database Design &
Management
NOS Patches &
Updates
Training & Mentoring
Professional Experience

ABC Company — Sometown, NJ, 2010 to present
Systems Administrator (2011 to present)
Systems/Network Consultant (2010 to 2011)

Hired as a full-time systems administrator following initial consulting role to manage and maintain a 60+ mixed server environment (Windows/Unix/Linux), ensuring 99.9% or better uptime. Evaluate, monitor and enhance IT infrastructure with an emphasis on availability, reliability, scalability, security, data confidentiality and system integrity.

Key Contributions:

Reengineered company’s systems setup, establishing automated server generation routines, optimizing system performance, installing upgrades/patches, establishing system monitoring and maintaining security protocols.
Ensured that all server hardware, operating systems, software and procedures aligned with organizational standards and strategic business plan.
Revamped NetBackup schedule and upgraded 15 Oracle servers. Optimized system availability (averaging 99.95% uptime) and equipped company with scalable systems to support business growth.
Increased team productivity and automated repetitive tasks by using batch files, PowerShell, VBScript and WMI.
Acted as escalation point for troubleshooting advanced network/systems issues; consistently earned 100% issue-resolution scores by providing excellent service to internal and external customers.
Trained employees across multiple departments on network operations including log-in procedures, network management software, permissions, printing issues, security and use of software.
XYZ Company — Sometown, PA, 2006 to 2010
System Administrator / Technology Team Lead / Delivery Manager
Consulted with client companies to provide Web-based and network solutions along with strategic planning and project leadership over systems migration, configuration, administration, upgrades and troubleshooting initiatives.

Key Contributions:

Directed the implementation and performance tuning of Windows 2003 Server environment for client’s global operations. Delivered a major improvement over old VPN system that catapulted productivity of remote sales force.
Led in-house and consultant team in large-scale Linux server upgrade for multinational consulting firm, which significantly enhanced system performance.
Resolved a history of problematic network failure by troubleshooting LAN/WAN connections between multiple stores for a regional retail chain.
Drove a 25% decrease in Web site downtime by migrating RaQ4 server sites and online stores to Linux server. Corrected server configuration problems, wrote scripts to ensure smooth server/reboot functioning, and assisted with a variety of Linux-based inquiries and concerns.
Replaced major manufacturer’s vulnerable network with robust security through joint architecture of firewall and DHCP.
Stabilized, expanded and protected client network and PC environment. Built new file servers to maximize Web hosting, terminal server, file/print sharing and domain control performance.
Additional IT Experience

Excelled in early IT career, advancing through increasingly responsible roles including:

DEF COMPANY — Sometown, PA
GHI UNIVERSITY — Sometown, PA
JKL COMPANY — Sometown, PA
    Senior Network Analyst, 2006
Programmer Analyst, 2003 to 2006
Junior Systems Analyst / Desktop Support, 2002 to 2003
Education & Training

ABC UNIVERSITY— Sometown, PA
Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems (CIS)

MCSE: Server Infrastructure
Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA)
MCSA: Windows Server 2012
Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE)