Tina Smith

555.555.5555 | Sometown, NY 10310 | ts@somedomain.com | LinkedIn URL

Information Technology Security Specialist
Develop, implement, monitor and support information systems security programs

IT security specialist with a passion and talent for aligning security architecture, plans, controls, processes, policies and procedures with security standards and operational goals.
Project leader with proven experience directing all phases of complex projects while managing, motivating and mentoring global team members.
Extensive experience developing and testing security architectures of cloud-based systems.
Technology Skills

Security:

Advanced user of intrusion-detection, IDS/IPS, DLP, SIEM, vulnerability-scanning, Web gateway, proxy appliances and antivirus tools

Systems:

Experience working in mixed Windows/Linux, database and virtualized/physical server environments

Programming:

Knowledge of C, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP, Perl, HTML5, CSS, MySQL

Experience

ABC Company, Sometown, NY | 6/2012 to Present

IT Security Specialist

Oversee security of the cloud infrastructure, serving as the main point of contact for investigating and resolving security-related issues. Develop threat and vulnerability management policies and manage SEM (security event management) system. 

Virtually eliminated threats from malware, advanced persistent threats and security breaches:

Authored security architecture design documentation and standard operating procedures.
Introduced use of security metrics to mitigate vulnerability by analysing historical threats, addressing risks/gaps/violations and implementing improved protocols.
Trained 150 end users on security processes, procedures and risks via the company’s first security education program, which is being rolled out companywide.
DEF Company, Sometown, NY | 1/2008 to 6/2012

Network Administrator & Project Lead

Planned, directed and coordinated network-related projects and multidisciplinary teams. Accomplished project goals on time, on budget and in alignment with corporate objectives.

Led the implementation of business-critical IT initiatives:

Developed and launched enterprise-wide software-distribution system delivering automated software updates remotely to all desktops and devices on the network.
Founded and built internal helpdesk and trained technical staff to provide support to 1,500 users.
Education

ABC University, Sometown, NY
Bachelor of Science, Computer Information Systems