IT professional Olivia Harrison
1234 Avenue Street, City, State 12345
ITSpecialist@domain.com  555.555.5555

Summary of Qualifications

Promote optimal performance, reliability, and security across core business systems

Results-driven professional offering a progressive, seven-year career in information technology.
Repeated success directing IT projects from inception to execution, strategically allocating resources and delegating tasks to achieve on-time, on-budget delivery.
Expertly manage technical support operations, diligently troubleshooting issues to identify root causes and prevent recurrence.
Process improvement champion with a history of implementing new procedures and technologies to strengthen security posture, enhance operational efficiency, and control costs.
– Areas of Expertise –

Testing & Troubleshooting    Project Management    System Administration

Vendor Relations    Strategic Planning    Resource Allocation    Effective Communication

Team Leadership    Business Continuity    Data Backup & Recovery

 

Technical Proficiencies

Platforms

Windows Vista710; Mac OS X; Oracle; SAP 

Software

Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Project), SQL, and SharePoint; QuickBooks; Salesforce.com

Languages

Java, HTML, C++, PHP, Python, Ruby

 

Professional Experience

Gray & Associates, Seattle, Washington  -  102010 to Present 

System Administrator (62012 to Present)

Promoted to leadership role accountable for maintaining key business applications and systems. Partner with senior leadership to guide short- and long-range technology planning. Plan, coordinate, and execute hardware and software upgrades.  Serve as vital resource for Help Desk staff, overseeing daily support operations and providing assistance on complex trouble tickets. Cultivate and maintain relationships with IT vendors.

Selected projects…

Successfully directed the on-time, on-budget completion of company-wide upgrade to Windows 10 and Office 365 impacting more than 50 onsite staff and five remote employees.
Initiated transformative IT policies designed to harden system security, including enhanced measures for password requirements and user access.
Spearheaded new procedures for Help Desk documentation, enabling the development of a comprehensive knowledge base of common issues and solutions to improve Help Desk efficiency.
Technical Support Specialist (102010 to 62012)

Provided technical support to end-users, leveraging broad-based expertise to handle problem identification, diagnosis, resolution, and escalation via helpdesk system, telephone, and remote support tools. Performed security administration functions for user, data, and remote access.

Selected projects…

Played an instrumental role in companywide migration from legacy customer relationship management (CRM) system to Salesforce.com by providing end-user training and support.
Developed step-by-step training manuals for end-users to ensure a seamless transition following application upgrades.
Anderson Consulting, Portland, Oregon

Help Desk Technician (32007 to 82010)

Performed troubleshooting, repair, and maintenance of computer systems, hardware, peripherals, and telephony. Analyzed system requirements to efficiently isolate and resolve a wide array of technical issues. Participated in large-scale upgrades and installations.

Selected Accomplishments…

Quickly learned and master proprietary applications.
Demonstrated outstanding customer services skills, consistently receiving high rating on client satisfaction surveys.
Excelled in previous roles as Desktop Support Technician for ABC Enterprises  in Portland, Oregon(2004 to 2007) and as an Operations Manager for Fancy Restaurant in Eugene, Oregon (2000 to 2004)

Professional Development

Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification    Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)

Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE)    Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA)

CompTIA A+    CompTIA Security+    CompTIA Network+    CompTIA Project+