KASEY BENSOM, PMP
Sometown, CA 91202 | 555.555.5555
KB@somedomain.com | BeKnown Profile URL | LinkedIn URL
 

PROJECT MANAGER Specializing in Enterprise IT Implementations

PMP-certified project manager with experience providing cradle-to-grave management over large-scale IT implementations. Excel at liaising between business and technical areas to achieve on-time, on-budget and on-spec project completions. Able to merge customer and user needs with business requirements, budgetary restrictions and logistical considerations to meet project deliverables. Key skills:

Project Lifecycle Management
Enterprise Implementations
System Migrations
Requirements Definition & Analysis
Project Scheduling
Team Building & Leadership
Project Budgeting & Cost Controls
Quality Assurance
Professional Experience

ABC COMPANY — Sometown, CA
Provide project lifecycle leadership over all phases of enterprisewide IT implementations within a multistate, 6,500-user organization. 

Project Manager, Technology Implementation Group, 2011 to Present
Assistant Project Manager, 2010 to 2011

Promoted to project manager role to plan, schedule and execute all stages of enterprise software, hardware and system implementations. Assessed business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets.
Drove impressive improvements across the business as a result of IT implementations. Equipped ABC with solutions that accelerated the bidding process on architectural projects by 45%, shortened the sales cycle by 50%, increased cash collections by 35% and saved $1.2M annually.
Excelled in guiding the work of technical teams. Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones.
Created cost-benefit analyses and ROI assessments that were used as the basis for decision-making on proposed IT implementation projects.
Resolved numerous project issues including staffing shortages, tactical matters, scope creep and divergent business and user needs.
DEF COMPANY — Sometown, CA
Network Administrator, 2009 to 2010

Developed strong technical foundation as a network administrator within a 2,500-user, mixed-platform environment.
Optimized network uptime to 99.9%, led a major network upgrade, and improved systems security and reliability.  
Education

XYZ UNIVERSITY — Sometown, CA
Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems, 2007

Honors: J. Walters Academic Scholarship, Dean’s List
Internship: Network Administration Intern at 1-2-3 Company
PROJECT MANAGEMENT INSTITUTE
Project Management Professional (PMP), 

Technology Summary

MS Project, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Oracle, SQL Server, TCP/IP, SMTP, HTTP, FTP, DNS