Rachel Parsons
Sometown, MA 55555 | Cell: 555-555-5555 | rp@somedomain.com | Portfolio Link

Software Developer | System Architect

Contribute to innovative, groundbreaking software solutions that meet business demand for
agility, flexibility, mobility and a superb cloud experience

Software developer with experience in e-commerce, enterprise and high-performance web technologies.
High-performance technologist skilled at defining, designing and implementing a highly secure, continuous-deployment pipeline to update applications in cloud environments.
Quality engineer bringing a strong focus on “voice of the customer” into the software development function to ensure product and customer success.
Development Methods & Tools

Agile Development Methodologies | Test Driven Development (TDD) | Object-Oriented Design & Development

Technologies (full list on request):

Go, Java, JavaScript, J2EE, C++, C, C#, .NET Framework, AngularJS, jQuery, Git, PERL, Bash, Python, Smalltalk, Servlets, Struts, Eclipse, JSP, Velocity, ASP.NET, VB.NET, WebSphere, Hibernate, Mobile Development (iOS, Android, PhoneGap, Cordova, Ionic framework), AJAX, LINQ, JSON, GWT, Flex, Web Services, XML, HTML, CSS, SharePoint, Linux, Oracle, SQL Server, SAP DB, Sybase, Access, DB2, SAP SQL Anywhere, Azure

Experience

Software Developer, 10/12 to Present | ABC COMPANY |  Sometown, MA

Serve in a client-facing role translating business requirements into viable, scalable cloud solutions. Collaborate with Engineering team to drive the DevOps strategy and prototype/execute on platform upgrades.

Delivered improvements to Call Center Hub. Created a modern new interface that contributed to a 15% increase in new user adoption rates within one month of rollout.
Introduced Contact Analytics that provided actionable insights into customer interactions, improved agent performance and elevated the customer experience.
Led solutions engineering and system redesigns that eliminated unnecessary and costly complexities in ABC’s technologies, produced high-quality releases, and accelerated time-to-market by as much as 10%.
Fueled additional revenue stream through highly responsive customer support, generating $1.5M in new license sales in FY2016.
Software Developer, 9/10 to 10/12 | DEF COMPANY (now GHI CO.) | Sometown, MA

Recruited to help expand the capabilities of DEF’s cloud-based security applications.

Contributed to rollout of upgraded DEFSafe platform, delivering the company’s first persistent, end-to-end data protection that allow users to control security protocols across multiple devices.
Won XYZ’s 2012 Top Security Gateway for DEFSafe, positioning early-stage startup as a recognized industry leader and setting the stage for lucrative sale to GHI Co.